"all the skills needed for the Turing Test,imitation game. reem is a good person. meshmesh is a good cat. he eats alot of dry food. GDP in developing countries such as Vietnam will continue growing at a high rate. Here is how you can keep your car and other vehicles clean. Here is how you can keep your car or other vehicles clean. Eight people, including two children, were injured in the explosion. A healthy eating pattern includes fruits, especially whole fruits. mom answers the phone, and the table is broken by marwan. today will be a good day. the garden was watered by the man. how does k-means algorithm work? and what about talking about data science. all the skills needed for the Turing Test,imitation game. alaa was fantastic in microsoft.  the environment does not change with the passage of time,but the agent's performance score does. The introduction of spreadsheets enabled business users to create simple logic on data structured in rows and columns and create their own analyses of business problems. Database administrator training is not required to create spreadsheets: They can be set up to do many things quickly and independently of information technology (IT) groups. Spreadsheets are easy to share, and end users have control over the logic involved. However, their proliferation can result in “many versions of the truth.” In other words, it can be challenging to determine if a particular user has the most relevant version of a spreadsheet, with the most current data and logic in it. Moreover, if a laptop is lost or a file becomes corrupted, the data and logic within the spreadsheet could be lost. This is an ongoing challenge because spreadsheet programs such as Microsoft Excel still run on many computers worldwide. With the proliferation of data islands (or spreadmarts), the need to centralize the data is more pressing than ever. As data needs grew, so did more scalable data warehousing solutions. supervised learning is a type of machine learning. there is a lot of supervised learning algorithms like support vector machine algorithm , knn algorithm , logistic regression , and many more. reem is a good person. meshmesh is a good cat. he eats alot of dry food. GDP in developing countries such as Vietnam will continue growing at a high rate. Here is how you can keep your car and other vehicles clean. Here is how you can keep your car or other vehicles clean. Eight people, including two children, were injured in the explosion. A healthy eating pattern includes fruits, especially whole fruits."